# This is the CMakeCache file.
# For build in directory: /root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build
# It was generated by CMake: /usr/bin/cmake
# You can edit this file to change values found and used by cmake.
# If you do not want to change any of the values, simply exit the editor.
# If you do want to change a value, simply edit, save, and exit the editor.
# The syntax for the file is as follows:
# KEY:TYPE=VALUE
# KEY is the name of a variable in the cache.
# TYPE is a hint to GUIs for the type of VALUE, DO NOT EDIT TYPE!.
# VALUE is the current value for the KEY.

########################
# EXTERNAL cache entries
########################

//No help, variable specified on the command line.
CHIP:UNINITIALIZED=ssd20x

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_AR:FILEPATH=/opt/miyoomini-toolchain/usr/bin/arm-linux-gnueabihf-ar

//Choose the type of build, options are: None Debug Release RelWithDebInfo
// MinSizeRel ...
CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:STRING=

//Enable/Disable color output during build.
CMAKE_COLOR_MAKEFILE:BOOL=ON

//A wrapper around 'ar' adding the appropriate '--plugin' option
// for the GCC compiler
CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_AR:FILEPATH=/opt/miyoomini-toolchain/usr/bin/arm-linux-gnueabihf-gcc-ar

//A wrapper around 'ranlib' adding the appropriate '--plugin' option
// for the GCC compiler
CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_RANLIB:FILEPATH=/opt/miyoomini-toolchain/usr/bin/arm-linux-gnueabihf-gcc-ranlib

//Flags used by the CXX compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the CXX compiler during DEBUG builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=-g

//Flags used by the CXX compiler during MINSIZEREL builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=-Os -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the CXX compiler during RELEASE builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=-O3 -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the CXX compiler during RELWITHDEBINFO builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=-O2 -g -DNDEBUG

//A wrapper around 'ar' adding the appropriate '--plugin' option
// for the GCC compiler
CMAKE_C_COMPILER_AR:FILEPATH=/opt/miyoomini-toolchain/usr/bin/arm-linux-gnueabihf-gcc-ar

//A wrapper around 'ranlib' adding the appropriate '--plugin' option
// for the GCC compiler
CMAKE_C_COMPILER_RANLIB:FILEPATH=/opt/miyoomini-toolchain/usr/bin/arm-linux-gnueabihf-gcc-ranlib

//Flags used by the C compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the C compiler during DEBUG builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=-g

//Flags used by the C compiler during MINSIZEREL builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=-Os -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the C compiler during RELEASE builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=-O3 -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the C compiler during RELWITHDEBINFO builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=-O2 -g -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the linker during all build types.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during DEBUG builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during MINSIZEREL builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during RELEASE builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during RELWITHDEBINFO builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//Enable/Disable output of compile commands during generation.
CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS:BOOL=OFF

//Install path prefix, prepended onto install directories.
CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX:PATH=/usr/local

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_LINKER:FILEPATH=/opt/miyoomini-toolchain/usr/bin/arm-linux-gnueabihf-ld

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM:FILEPATH=/usr/bin/make

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules during
// all build types.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules during
// DEBUG builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules during
// MINSIZEREL builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules during
// RELEASE builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules during
// RELWITHDEBINFO builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_NM:FILEPATH=/opt/miyoomini-toolchain/usr/bin/arm-linux-gnueabihf-nm

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_OBJCOPY:FILEPATH=/opt/miyoomini-toolchain/usr/bin/arm-linux-gnueabihf-objcopy

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_OBJDUMP:FILEPATH=/opt/miyoomini-toolchain/usr/bin/arm-linux-gnueabihf-objdump

//Value Computed by CMake
CMAKE_PROJECT_DESCRIPTION:STATIC=

//Value Computed by CMake
CMAKE_PROJECT_HOMEPAGE_URL:STATIC=

//Value Computed by CMake
CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME:STATIC=ssd2xx-demo

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_RANLIB:FILEPATH=/opt/miyoomini-toolchain/usr/bin/arm-linux-gnueabihf-ranlib

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of shared libraries
// during all build types.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of shared libraries
// during DEBUG builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of shared libraries
// during MINSIZEREL builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of shared libraries
// during RELEASE builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of shared libraries
// during RELWITHDEBINFO builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//If set, runtime paths are not added when installing shared libraries,
// but are added when building.
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//If set, runtime paths are not added when using shared libraries.
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of static libraries
// during all build types.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of static libraries
// during DEBUG builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of static libraries
// during MINSIZEREL builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of static libraries
// during RELEASE builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of static libraries
// during RELWITHDEBINFO builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_STRIP:FILEPATH=/opt/miyoomini-toolchain/usr/bin/arm-linux-gnueabihf-strip

//The CMake toolchain file
CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE:FILEPATH=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/toolchain.cmake

//If this value is on, makefiles will be generated without the
// .SILENT directive, and all commands will be echoed to the console
// during the make.  This is useful for debugging only. With Visual
// Studio IDE projects all commands are done without /nologo.
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE:BOOL=FALSE

//Value Computed by CMake
ai_ao_ini_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/6.audio/ai_ao_ini

//Value Computed by CMake
ai_ao_ini_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/6.audio/ai_ao_ini

//Value Computed by CMake
base_c_uuid_read_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/13.uuid/base_c_uuid_read

//Value Computed by CMake
base_c_uuid_read_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/13.uuid/base_c_uuid_read

//Value Computed by CMake
bmp_img_24bit_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/3.framebuffer/bmp_img_24bit

//Value Computed by CMake
bmp_img_24bit_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/3.framebuffer/bmp_img_24bit

//Value Computed by CMake
common-general_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/0.common/general

//Value Computed by CMake
common-general_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/0.common/general

//Value Computed by CMake
common-iniparser_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/0.common/iniparser

//Value Computed by CMake
common-iniparser_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/0.common/iniparser

//Value Computed by CMake
common-list_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/0.common/list

//Value Computed by CMake
common-list_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/0.common/list

//Value Computed by CMake
common_test_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/0.common/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
common_test_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/0.common/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
f_game_2048_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/4.littlevgl/f_apps/f_game_2048

//Value Computed by CMake
f_game_2048_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/4.littlevgl/f_apps/f_game_2048

//Value Computed by CMake
f_game_snake_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/4.littlevgl/f_apps/f_game_snake

//Value Computed by CMake
f_game_snake_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/4.littlevgl/f_apps/f_game_snake

//Value Computed by CMake
f_game_tetris_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/4.littlevgl/f_apps/f_game_tetris

//Value Computed by CMake
f_game_tetris_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/4.littlevgl/f_apps/f_game_tetris

//Dependencies for the target
f_lv_demos_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;f_lvgl;

//Dependencies for the target
f_lv_lib_freetype_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;-lfreetype;

//Dependencies for the target
f_lv_lib_gif_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;f_lvgl;

//Value Computed by CMake
f_tool_file_browser_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/4.littlevgl/f_apps/f_tool_file_browser

//Value Computed by CMake
f_tool_file_browser_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/4.littlevgl/f_apps/f_tool_file_browser

//Value Computed by CMake
fb_gfx_draw_line_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/11.mi_gfx/fb_gfx_draw_line

//Value Computed by CMake
fb_gfx_draw_line_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/11.mi_gfx/fb_gfx_draw_line

//Value Computed by CMake
fb_gfx_fill_rect_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/11.mi_gfx/fb_gfx_fill_rect

//Value Computed by CMake
fb_gfx_fill_rect_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/11.mi_gfx/fb_gfx_fill_rect

//Value Computed by CMake
fb_info_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/3.framebuffer/fb_info

//Value Computed by CMake
fb_info_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/3.framebuffer/fb_info

//Value Computed by CMake
fb_rect_test_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/3.framebuffer/fb_rect_test

//Value Computed by CMake
fb_rect_test_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/3.framebuffer/fb_rect_test

//Value Computed by CMake
framebuffer-common_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/3.framebuffer/common

//Value Computed by CMake
framebuffer-common_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/3.framebuffer/common

//Value Computed by CMake
gfx_rotate_yuv420_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/11.mi_gfx/gfx_rotate_yuv420

//Value Computed by CMake
gfx_rotate_yuv420_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/11.mi_gfx/gfx_rotate_yuv420

//Value Computed by CMake
gpio-common_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/7.gpio/common

//Value Computed by CMake
gpio-common_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/7.gpio/common

//Value Computed by CMake
gpio_test1_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/7.gpio/gpio_test1

//Value Computed by CMake
gpio_test1_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/7.gpio/gpio_test1

//Value Computed by CMake
gpio_test2_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/7.gpio/gpio_test2

//Value Computed by CMake
gpio_test2_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/7.gpio/gpio_test2

//Value Computed by CMake
gpio_test_fast_rollover_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/7.gpio/gpio_test_fast_rollover

//Value Computed by CMake
gpio_test_fast_rollover_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/7.gpio/gpio_test_fast_rollover

//Value Computed by CMake
gpio_test_input_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/7.gpio/gpio_test_input

//Value Computed by CMake
gpio_test_input_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/7.gpio/gpio_test_input

//Value Computed by CMake
jpeg_img_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/3.framebuffer/jpeg_img

//Value Computed by CMake
jpeg_img_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/3.framebuffer/jpeg_img

//Value Computed by CMake
lib_lvgl_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/4.littlevgl

//Value Computed by CMake
lib_lvgl_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/4.littlevgl

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_demos_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_demos_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_demos_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_demos_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_lib_bmp_test_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_lib_bmp_test_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_lib_bmp_test_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_lib_bmp_test_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_lib_freetype_test_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_lib_freetype_test_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_lib_freetype_test_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_lib_freetype_test_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_lib_gif_test_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_lib_gif_test_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_lib_gif_test_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_lib_gif_test_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_lib_png_test_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_lib_png_test_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_lib_png_test_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_lib_png_test_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_lib_split_jpg_test_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_lib_split_jpg_test_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_lib_split_jpg_test_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_lib_split_jpg_test_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_test_all_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_test_all_app

//Value Computed by CMake
lv_test_all_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/4.littlevgl/f_apps/lv_test_all_app

//Value Computed by CMake
mi_sys_uuid_read_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/13.uuid/mi_sys_uuid_read

//Value Computed by CMake
mi_sys_uuid_read_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/13.uuid/mi_sys_uuid_read

//Value Computed by CMake
mp3_player_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/6.audio/mp3_player

//Value Computed by CMake
mp3_player_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/6.audio/mp3_player

//Value Computed by CMake
pwm-common_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/8.pwm/common

//Value Computed by CMake
pwm-common_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/8.pwm/common

//Value Computed by CMake
pwm_test1_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/8.pwm/pwm_test1

//Value Computed by CMake
pwm_test1_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/8.pwm/pwm_test1

//Value Computed by CMake
pwm_test2_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/8.pwm/pwm_test2

//Value Computed by CMake
pwm_test2_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/8.pwm/pwm_test2

//Value Computed by CMake
ssd20x-mipi-1024x600_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/2.panel/ssd20x-mipi-1024x600

//Value Computed by CMake
ssd20x-mipi-1024x600_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/2.panel/ssd20x-mipi-1024x600

//Value Computed by CMake
ssd20x-ttl-panel-base_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/2.panel/ssd20x-ttl-panel-base

//Value Computed by CMake
ssd20x-ttl-panel-base_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/2.panel/ssd20x-ttl-panel-base

//Value Computed by CMake
ssd20x_h264_play_test1_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/10.video/ssd20x_h264_play_test1

//Value Computed by CMake
ssd20x_h264_play_test1_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/10.video/ssd20x_h264_play_test1

//Value Computed by CMake
ssd20x_h264_play_test2_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/10.video/ssd20x_h264_play_test2

//Value Computed by CMake
ssd20x_h264_play_test2_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/10.video/ssd20x_h264_play_test2

//Value Computed by CMake
ssd20x_player_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/10.video/ssd20x_player_app

//Value Computed by CMake
ssd20x_player_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/10.video/ssd20x_player_app

//Value Computed by CMake
ssd2xx-demo_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build

//Value Computed by CMake
ssd2xx-demo_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo

//Value Computed by CMake
st7789_240x240_hw_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/2.panel/ssd20x-st7789-240x240-hw

//Value Computed by CMake
st7789_240x240_hw_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/2.panel/ssd20x-st7789-240x240-hw

//Value Computed by CMake
st7789_240x240_sw_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/2.panel/ssd20x-st7789-240x240-sw

//Value Computed by CMake
st7789_240x240_sw_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/2.panel/ssd20x-st7789-240x240-sw

//Value Computed by CMake
uart-common_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/9.uart/common

//Value Computed by CMake
uart-common_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/9.uart/common

//Value Computed by CMake
uart_test1_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/9.uart/uart_test1

//Value Computed by CMake
uart_test1_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/9.uart/uart_test1

//Value Computed by CMake
uart_test2_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/9.uart/uart_test2

//Value Computed by CMake
uart_test2_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/9.uart/uart_test2

//Value Computed by CMake
uart_test3_poll_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/9.uart/uart_test3_poll

//Value Computed by CMake
uart_test3_poll_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/9.uart/uart_test3_poll

//Value Computed by CMake
uart_test4_signal_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/9.uart/uart_test4_signal

//Value Computed by CMake
uart_test4_signal_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/9.uart/uart_test4_signal

//Value Computed by CMake
watchdog-common_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/1.watchdog/common

//Value Computed by CMake
watchdog-common_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/1.watchdog/common

//Value Computed by CMake
watchdog_test1_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/1.watchdog/watchdog_test1

//Value Computed by CMake
watchdog_test1_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/1.watchdog/watchdog_test1

//Value Computed by CMake
watchdog_test2_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/1.watchdog/watchdog_test2

//Value Computed by CMake
watchdog_test2_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/1.watchdog/watchdog_test2

//Value Computed by CMake
wifi_demo1_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/5.wifi/wifi_demo1

//Value Computed by CMake
wifi_demo1_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/5.wifi/wifi_demo1

//Value Computed by CMake
wifi_sta_async_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build/5.wifi/wifi_sta_async

//Value Computed by CMake
wifi_sta_async_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/5.wifi/wifi_sta_async


########################
# INTERNAL cache entries
########################

//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_AR
CMAKE_AR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//This is the directory where this CMakeCache.txt was created
CMAKE_CACHEFILE_DIR:INTERNAL=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo/build
//Major version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MAJOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=3
//Minor version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MINOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=13
//Patch version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_PATCH_VERSION:INTERNAL=4
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_COLOR_MAKEFILE
CMAKE_COLOR_MAKEFILE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/usr/bin/cmake
//Path to cpack program executable.
CMAKE_CPACK_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/usr/bin/cpack
//Path to ctest program executable.
CMAKE_CTEST_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/usr/bin/ctest
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_AR
CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_AR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_RANLIB
CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_RANLIB-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_COMPILER_AR
CMAKE_C_COMPILER_AR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_COMPILER_RANLIB
CMAKE_C_COMPILER_RANLIB-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS
CMAKE_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to cache edit program executable.
CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/usr/bin/ccmake
//Executable file format
CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_FORMAT:INTERNAL=ELF
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS
CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Name of external makefile project generator.
CMAKE_EXTRA_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=
//Name of generator.
CMAKE_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=Unix Makefiles
//Generator instance identifier.
CMAKE_GENERATOR_INSTANCE:INTERNAL=
//Name of generator platform.
CMAKE_GENERATOR_PLATFORM:INTERNAL=
//Name of generator toolset.
CMAKE_GENERATOR_TOOLSET:INTERNAL=
//Source directory with the top level CMakeLists.txt file for this
// project
CMAKE_HOME_DIRECTORY:INTERNAL=/root/workspace/test/ssd2xx-demo
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_LINKER
CMAKE_LINKER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_NM
CMAKE_NM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//number of local generators
CMAKE_NUMBER_OF_MAKEFILES:INTERNAL=56
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_OBJCOPY
CMAKE_OBJCOPY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_OBJDUMP
CMAKE_OBJDUMP-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Platform information initialized
CMAKE_PLATFORM_INFO_INITIALIZED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RANLIB
CMAKE_RANLIB-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to CMake installation.
CMAKE_ROOT:INTERNAL=/usr/share/cmake-3.13
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STRIP
CMAKE_STRIP-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//uname command
CMAKE_UNAME:INTERNAL=/bin/uname
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1

